README.md, before:

2020-04-27 12:56:04 	File Created

# Typewrite Messages
Timestamp:	2020-04-29 02:49:20
Local R Script:	~/GitHub/Public-Packages/broca/R/add_sheet_to_excel.R
Typewrite Message:	No deleted files in this repo.
Timestamp:	2020-04-28 01:28:06
Local R Script:	~/GitHub/Public-Packages/broca/R/write_temp_delim.R
Typewrite Message:	No deleted files in this repo.
Timestamp:	2020-04-28 01:12:03
Local R Script:	~/GitHub/Public-Packages/broca/R/write_temp_csv.R
Typewrite Message:	No deleted files in this repo.
Timestamp:	2020-04-28 01:12:03
Local R Script:	~/GitHub/Public-Packages/broca/R/write_temp_csv.R
Typewrite Message:	No untracked files in this repo.

Timestamp:	2020-04-27 18:40:45
Local R Script:	~/GitHub/Public-Packages/broca/R/write_temp_csv.R
Typewrite Message:	No deleted files in this repo.
Timestamp:	2020-04-27 18:40:44
Local R Script:	~/GitHub/Public-Packages/broca/R/write_temp_csv.R
Typewrite Message:	No untracked files in this repo.

Timestamp:	2020-04-27 15:24:20
Local R Script:	~/GitHub/Public-Packages/broca/R/write_temp_csv.R
Typewrite Message:	No deleted files in this repo.
Timestamp:	2020-04-27 12:56:04
Local R Script:	~/GitHub/Public-Packages/broca/R/simply_write_csv.R
Typewrite Message:	No deleted files in this repo.
Timestamp:	2020-04-27 12:56:04
Local R Script:	~/GitHub/Public-Packages/broca/R/simply_write_csv.R
Typewrite Message:	No untracked files in this repo.

Commit message:

remove broca namespace from convert_xlsx_to_csv function

README.md, after:

2020-04-27 12:56:04 	File Created

# Typewrite Messages
Timestamp:	2020-04-29 12:29:41
Local R Script:	~/GitHub/Public-Packages/broca/R/convert_xlsx_to_csv.R
Typewrite Message:	No deleted files in this repo.
Timestamp:	2020-04-29 12:29:41
Local R Script:	~/GitHub/Public-Packages/broca/R/convert_xlsx_to_csv.R
Typewrite Message:	No untracked files in this repo.

Timestamp:	2020-04-29 12:28:49
Local R Script:	~/GitHub/Public-Packages/broca/R/convert_xlsx_to_csv.R
Typewrite Message:	No deleted files in this repo.
Timestamp:	2020-04-29 02:49:20
Local R Script:	~/GitHub/Public-Packages/broca/R/add_sheet_to_excel.R
Typewrite Message:	No deleted files in this repo.
Timestamp:	2020-04-28 01:28:06
Local R Script:	~/GitHub/Public-Packages/broca/R/write_temp_delim.R
Typewrite Message:	No deleted files in this repo.
Timestamp:	2020-04-28 01:12:03
Local R Script:	~/GitHub/Public-Packages/broca/R/write_temp_csv.R
Typewrite Message:	No deleted files in this repo.
Timestamp:	2020-04-28 01:12:03
Local R Script:	~/GitHub/Public-Packages/broca/R/write_temp_csv.R
Typewrite Message:	No untracked files in this repo.

Timestamp:	2020-04-27 18:40:45
Local R Script:	~/GitHub/Public-Packages/broca/R/write_temp_csv.R
Typewrite Message:	No deleted files in this repo.
Timestamp:	2020-04-27 18:40:44
Local R Script:	~/GitHub/Public-Packages/broca/R/write_temp_csv.R
Typewrite Message:	No untracked files in this repo.

Timestamp:	2020-04-27 15:24:20
Local R Script:	~/GitHub/Public-Packages/broca/R/write_temp_csv.R
Typewrite Message:	No deleted files in this repo.
Timestamp:	2020-04-27 12:56:04
Local R Script:	~/GitHub/Public-Packages/broca/R/simply_write_csv.R
Typewrite Message:	No deleted files in this repo.
Timestamp:	2020-04-27 12:56:04
Local R Script:	~/GitHub/Public-Packages/broca/R/simply_write_csv.R
Typewrite Message:	No untracked files in this repo.
